add speaker guide (#194)
open-life-science/open-life-science.github.io: ols-speaker-guide.md

About the cohort calls
----------------------

-   Every second week, we host online cohort calls (1.5 hours each) where [relevant content related to Open Life Science](https://openlifesci.org/ols-1#schedule) is shared and discussed with all participants of the program.

These cohort calls introduce new Open Science related topics that are relevant for our participants to develop their project and bring them to the next stage.

Cohort call format
------------------

These calls are a mix of presentations by invited speakers like you,
breakout discussions (in small groups), silent note-taking and Question
and Answer (Q&A) sessions.

The OLS team will share the topic of your call, exact date and time, and
any relevant information with you. Please feel free to reach out to them
if further details on your talk might be necessary.

**Online Zoom calls:**

-   These calls take place online via Zoom, a link for which will be shared with you, usually via the cohort call notes.

-   You can check if Zoom works on your system by using this link: [http://zoom.us/test](http://zoom.us/test).

**Call notes:**

> -   The OLS team should have shared a draft of cohort call agenda and details in your invitation email, which are also linked to the online schedule:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   The OLS team will share a collaborative document with the cohort call agenda in your invitation email, which is also linked to the online schedule:
```

 [https://openlifesci.org/ols-2/schedule](https://openlifesci.org/ols-2/schedule)

-   These notes will be available for all our participants for future reference.

> -   You are welcome to contribute to the notes from your session - a link for which will be shared with you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   You are welcome to contribute to the notes from your session.
```

-   You will be asked to share your screen to present your talk. You can see the [screen sharing instructions here](https://support.zoom.us/hc/en-us/articles/201362153-How-Do-I-Share-My-Screen-).

-   If you are ok for our participants to reach out to you after the call, please share your contact info in the presentation and/or the collaborative note.

-   You can [make a copy of this presentation](https://docs.google.com/presentation/d/18MwCMBrJL7LwbFvy76il-rk_wBuXq5T2oQ9iHrsvegg/edit?usp=sharing) to start creating your presentation online. It would be great if you can share the link of your talk with the OLS team before the call.

**Call recording:**

-   Please note that this call will be recorded for our participants, especially those who can't attend this call in-person. These recordings will be shared on our [official Youtube channel](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCs12-ZgnDJOWIWN3Vo1XHXA).
 If your time allows, you can also watch a video from one of our
 previous calls (here is the [full
playlist](https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL1CvC6Ez54KAtOhuCv8e8dqaHkUylUYDB)).

> -   You can turn off your webcam before joining the call if you do not want to appear on the recording and on if/when you don't mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   You can turn off your webcam before joining the call if you do not want to appear on the recording and turn it on if/when you don't mind being on the video.
```
